Add setup envrionment (#5)
open-cluster-management-io/ocm: solutions/setup-dev-environment/README.md

# Setup dev environment by kind

This scripts is to setup a OCM developer environment in your local machine with 3 kind clusters. The script will bootstrap 3 kind clusters on your local machine: hub, cluster1, and cluster2. hub is used as the control plane of ocm, and the other two clusters are registered on the hub as the managed cluster.

> ## Pre-requirement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisite
```
Consistency with our website.

> kind must be installed on your local machine. See [kind website](kind.sigs.k8s.io) on how to install kind. Note the kubernetes version must be equal or higer than 1.19.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io) must be installed on your local machine. The Kubernetes version must be >= 1.19, see [kind user guide](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/docs/user/quick-start/#creating-a-cluster) for more details.
```
Suggestion to provide more clarity.

> Download and install [clusteradm](https://github.com/open-cluster-management-io/clusteradm/releases). In linux, run the following command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download and install [clusteradm](https://github.com/open-cluster-management-io/clusteradm/releases). For Linux OS, run the following commands:
```
minor nit

```

> wget -qO- https://github.com/open-cluster-management-io/clusteradm/releases/download/v0.1.0-alpha.6/clusteradm_linux_amd64.tar.gz | sudo tar -xvz -C /usr/local/bin/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
wget -qO- https://github.com/open-cluster-management-io/clusteradm/releases/latest/download/clusteradm_linux_amd64.tar.gz | sudo tar -xvz -C /usr/local/bin/
```
Always grab the latest release of clusteradm.

sudo chmod +x /usr/local/bin/clusteradm
```

## Setup the clusters

> Run `./local-up.sh`, you will see two clusters registered on the hub cluster finally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `./local-up.sh`, you will see two clusters registered on the hub cluster.
```
